# dt-plugins
darktable plugin

Like a lot of people I'm trying to get out of Lightroom. The discovery of
darktable is amazing. It has a lot of interesting features. Openess is not
its smallest quality.

## exif-info (2021/01/22)

  This script allows to add exif info (from image file) to image information
  module following the exiv2 syntax (see dt "output metadata tags" in "metadata
  exportation"). Examples included in the script.
  Requires the exiv2 executable.

## group Derived Images

  Assume that derived images are stored in a sub-folder of master images. They
  may have been created with another application.

- Group selected derived images to master
- Apply master images metadata to selected derived images

  tested with Windows 10 64-bits and darktable 2.4.1
  
## maintain-tags (derived from rename-tags) - deprecated (now in core dt)

- Select the tag to be renamed through combobox
- Then rename the tag as in rename-tags
- View single tags (I want to keep only hierarchical tags)
- Delete single tags
  
  tested with Windows 10 64-bits and darktable 2.4.1
    
## file on disk (Exif)

- Export images to a selected folder
- Remove all development metadata
- Add wanted metadata using ExifTool

  tested with Windows 10 64-bits and darktable 2.4.1

## ExifToolWeb.txt

  Not a plugin but an argument file for ExifTool. To be used after native
  file on disk export selected. It does the same job as "file on disk (Exif)"
  plugin but probably much faster.

  Command line : path\exiftool.exe -@ path\ExifToolWeb.txt FILES

  tested with Windows 10 64-bits
  
## ExifLRLocation.txt

  Not a plugin but an argument file for ExifTool. I use it to migrate images
  from LR to dt.
  In LR, I use hierarchical tags like places|<country>|<state>|<city> but I have
  also SubLocation (which goes to IPTC:Location).
  dt does not manage IPTC tags.
  With this argument file, Exiftool adds the location, when exists,
  to the hierarchical tags in XMP files generated by LR, giving:
    places|<country>|<state>|<city>|<location> 
  This way I don't loose the location.
  Command line : path\exiftool.exe -@ path\ExifLRLocation.txt FILES

  tested with Windows 10 64-bits

